Hello and welcome to RT Rest I am first and we test
not a game today but a program called scurrying once
Percent years what is a must you can see here and who does it work
again with the camera
now it has opened the camera and Semir are also beautiful
live here
and what on Wednesday we have some
over a few g
Create animation and that
we want this thing here by magic
let it kick
"Once for the whole ax
that can make the Aachener around it so beautiful
Let me give you an example
where I did that's this
we can see
a beautiful little one gives a mission
then exactly to the settings so everyone knows the quieter so it is
this thing here recognizes its either a dazzle hide I have now
still shown and percentages
the transparent skills do you see someone is now in the service
No where I am
which still keeps that hard transparent equity so I leave
Now it does not matter
good for when I threw youth now
and then once you have to catch up here 2 quasi manually or the parts
could
there and the dentists can adjust how many pictures
we'll be safe until the 30th
and how fast for him, so to speak, in the four seconds he should
Shoot pictures
Percent and there I have free time
if I have more time to turn this thing around
how can it change of course you can also click and can before 50
or 500 pictures so he really makes those pictures then
if the battery can stand that 500 pictures I do not know now I would have to
test
or you just click on manual others just on the whole time
Photo Parton you press down
Euro then has to shoot the picture
I do not think it would be so expensive to move the iPhone and me
iPhone moves it does not look that great anymore
so
Just screed on start and sample photo get that first percent
such at the time so it is planned now you see my hand
goes in nicely
and go away
I always walk nice
the glass sculpture
around its own axis but only by millimeters
but they have to turn the tenants
and the rar
later will be then
The animation then goes so show around them this glass dome of
shot alone
So one does not see my hand with every picture my hand is not on it
and that's why it looks like
the view goes well as this glass dome on its own
could then off
send a friend by e-mail
or
you can also save them but then you can only play them in
this program
he was exporting close to the crime scene iPhone exports that unfortunately
Nothing
this works out
Percent I think I do not injected the iPhone
it just exploded all the pictures as it did Lehmann now
Meanwhile 13 pictures
Uncomfortable continues to be under years old I think this is a fun games
and do not even know how expensive I have to say it
costs
80 cents
we always know so well that
Purchase App Store
makes its prices go up and down so far
it still costs
at around 80 cents
more now I make a triumph and then I'm done
So as you can see everything works perfectly
and i would recommend it and get it fast
and cheaper
As I said so it's a fun games 1
to try out loud things with the Irish you can do that
Try things by e-mail and then the picture in ICQ
move in and kidney damage Mr. ICQ
I like to watch
UNICUM undertakes to send pictures to send on the PC
at a
went in one because zoos there so a picture Hauser better said
to then upload and then yes send the link so I would
Happy that you have done so with the program in which he sent via ICQ
Löhrmann Aristide young man does not have
that should be the percent the EU
you look at it before I say immoral my view »as they still
times in the Bütt screwed the description
Percent yes no longer justified
it was once turned around the whole axis
should now imagine I saw my animate
and and he used 30 pence of Hammer 30 bands back here and that has changed in the
Test yes super
and haunting dust and we can now see our little animations
how would the thing be red or would all the axes move a bit on the
Beginning
Catfish at the end and a little further down the double is natural
not happen but he has several attempts yes I do not have so many
I want to show the ten minutes here and now
what they can do now that the Freiburg way was them
How many trends are set here by only ten France and you can count on them
around 30 frames Euro
and the 30 around it all goes a bit more fluidly from the target
is not that great from the beginning was different without
connection
is not that bad
Of course you can take even less France and around me
sometimes only five frames of the unseen come up at the moment and again
won
beautiful
Then use Kaman as easy as Abu Dhabi
then, of course, there will be
So recognize the other store or goes to the field and abroad via e-mail so to
that's all the more one starts often then it's way
if you have another one, I also made 60 pictures
including a little other animation done in the work
There are 60 images that is a bottle that revolves around fakes and poses
to get back out of that that can be made out to show back then
there you see it
yes, I do not advertise allotment gardeners
that is quite different "Sion
Euro, as always, states
But I also rewards me send yours is when you get the program
80 cents is not much that solved the game series send Audi's go via ICQ
I would be glad